Switches readme update warning (#431)
guardian/support-admin-console: docs/support-frontend-switches.md

This app has a switchboard (at /switches) for enabling/disabling features on support.theguardian.com (support-frontend).

> The switches live in the support-admin-console S3 bucket, in `switches_v2.json`. Please donot copy `switches_v2.json` between Code, Dev, Prod because their settings may differ.

Reviewer: I think it might be good to suggest diffing the files pre-upload, what do you think?

```suggestion
The switches live in the support-admin-console S3 bucket, in `switches_v2.json`. Be careful not to copy `switches_v2.json` between Code, Dev, and Prod because their settings may differ. Before uploading your changed version, consider downloading the current file and diffing it with your changed file, to make sure you only see the changes you expect.
```

The switchboard displays whatever switches are in the json file, and the support-admin-console [model](app/models/SupportFrontendSwitches.scala) does not have knowledge of individual switches.

To add/remove a new switch:

> 1. Manually add/remove it to the `switches_v2.json` json file

Reviewer: Would it be good here to give the name of the S3 bucket?

Author: Isn't it pretty clear higher up when it says -> 'The switches live in the support-admin-console S3 bucket, in `switches_v2.json`. '

Reviewer: Ah yes, I hadn’t noticed that!

> 2. Add it to the [model in support-frontend](https://github.com/guardian/support-frontend/blob/main/support-frontend/app/admin/settings/Switches.scala).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Add it to (or remove it from) the [model in support-frontend](https://github.com/guardian/support-frontend/blob/main/support-frontend/app/admin/settings/Switches.scala).
```
